README.md, before:

# Credit Risk Classification

For this analysis, I used various techniques to train and evaluate models with imbalanced classes. I used a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.

## Instructions:

This challenge consists of the following subsections:

### Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets

1. Read the `lending_data.csv` data from the `Resources` folder into a Pandas DataFrame.

2. Create the labels set (`y`)  from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (`X`) DataFrame from the remaining columns.

3. Check the balance of the labels variable (`y`) by using the `value_counts` function.

4. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using `train_test_split`.


### Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data

Employ your knowledge of logistic regression to complete the following steps:

1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (`X_train` and `y_train`).

2. Save the predictions on the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (`X_test`) and the fitted model.

3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:

    * Calculate the accuracy score of the model.

    * Generate a confusion matrix.

    * Print the classification report.

### Predict a Logistic Regression Model with Resampled Training Data


1. Use the `RandomOverSampler` module from the imbalanced-learn library to resample the data. Be sure to confirm that the labels have an equal number of data points. 

2. Use the `LogisticRegression` classifier and the resampled data to fit the model and make predictions.

3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:

    * Calculate the accuracy score of the model.

    * Generate a confusion matrix.

    * Print the classification report.
    

### Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report

## The results
### Machine Learning Model 1:


### Machine Learning Model 2:


## Summary

Summarize the results from the machine learning models. Compare the two versions of the dataset predictions. Include your recommendation for the model to use, if any, on the original vs. the resampled data. If you don’t recommend either model, justify your reasoning.

Commit message:

Compare two machine learning models

README.md, after:

# Credit Risk Classification

For this analysis, I used various techniques to train and evaluate models with imbalanced classes. I used a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.

## Instructions:

This challenge consists of the following subsections:

### Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets

1. Read the `lending_data.csv` data from the `Resources` folder into a Pandas DataFrame.

2. Create the labels set (`y`)  from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (`X`) DataFrame from the remaining columns.

3. Check the balance of the labels variable (`y`) by using the `value_counts` function.

4. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using `train_test_split`.


### Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data

Employ your knowledge of logistic regression to complete the following steps:

1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (`X_train` and `y_train`).

2. Save the predictions on the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (`X_test`) and the fitted model.

3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:

    * Calculate the accuracy score of the model.

    * Generate a confusion matrix.

    * Print the classification report.

### Predict a Logistic Regression Model with Resampled Training Data


1. Use the `RandomOverSampler` module from the imbalanced-learn library to resample the data. Be sure to confirm that the labels have an equal number of data points. 

2. Use the `LogisticRegression` classifier and the resampled data to fit the model and make predictions.

3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:

    * Calculate the accuracy score of the model.

    * Generate a confusion matrix.

    * Print the classification report.
    

### Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report

## The results
### Machine Learning Model 1:
Accuracy: 95%
The precision and recall for the 0 class is much better than that for the 1 class. For example, the precision for the 0 values is 1, meaning that out of all the times that the model predicted a testing data observation to be the value 0, 100% of those predictions were correct. In contrast, out of all the times that the model predicted a value of 1, only 85% of those predictions were correct.

### Machine Learning Model 2:
Accuracy: 99.36%
The precision for 0 class is much better than that for the 1 class, however, the recall for both classes are equivalent. 100% of class 0's predictions were correct, yet only 84% of class 1's predictions were correct. However, with recision, both classes reported 99%.

## Summary

Although both models gave a good accuracy score, Model 2 (resampled data), resulted in a 99% accuracy score.
